docs(readme): add altstore installation (#543)
Aidoku/Aidoku: README.md

- [ ] Update notifications

## Installation

For detailed installation instructions, check out [the website](https://aidoku.app).

### Testflight

To join the TestFlight, you will need to join the [Aidoku Discord](https://discord.gg/9U8cC5Zk3s).

### AltStore

> - [Add to AltStore](altstore://source/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Aidoku/Aidoku/altstore/apps.json).
> - Copy [source direct URL](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Aidoku/Aidoku/altstore/apps.json) and paste to AltStore.

Reviewer: i don't really care enough to make a redirection page on the website, so i think it's fine just to tell people to copy and paste the link
```suggestion
We have an AltStore repo that contains the latest releases ipa. You can copy the [direct source URL](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Aidoku/Aidoku/altstore/apps.json) and paste it into AltStore.
```
